README.md, before:

# Leetcode Solutions
One of my hobbies is solving algorithm problems, especially those on [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/all/). Not only it is fun to solve a puzzle but also it helps me to improve my fundamental knowledge and programming skills. So I decided to create this repository to record my solutions. I will try to solve the problems using two programming languages:
- Python
- Java

**_NOTE:_** I'll try to solve one problem a day and update the repo, but no promises. After all, life is unpredictable and not everything is about programming! Also I'm not going to solve them respectively, but I keep the problem index as it is in Leetcode.

These solutions are definitely not flawless so, I'd be grateful if you could see any problems in my solutions and point them out.  
Also if you are looking for the best solutions there are many repositories out there that you can use, like [This One](https://github.com/doocs/leetcode)

# Solutions

|  #  |  Solution   | Tags |  Difficulty | Java | Python |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  0001  |  [Two Sum](./Solutions/1-%20Two%20Sum/README.md)  | `Array`,`Hash Table` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/1-%20Two%20Sum/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/1-%20Two%20Sum/Solution.py)  |
|  0002  |  [Add Two Numbers](./Solutions/2-%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/README.md)  | `Recursion`,`Linked List`,`Math` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/2-%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/2-%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/Solution.py)  |
|  0003  |  [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](./Solutions/3-%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters/README.md)  | `Array`,`Hash Table`,`String`,`Sliding Window` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/3-%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/3-%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters/Solution.py)  |
|  0007  |  [Reverse Integer](./Solutions/7-%20Reverse%20Integer/README.md)  | `Math` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/7-%20Reverse%20Integer/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/7-%20Reverse%20Integer/Solution.py)  |
|  0009  |  [Palindrome Number](./Solutions/9-%20Palindrome%20Number/README.md)  | `Math` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/9-%20Palindrome%20Number/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/9-%20Palindrome%20Number/Solution.py)  |
|  0011  |  [Container With Most Water](./Solutions/11-%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water/README.md)  | `Greedy`,`Array`,`Two Pointers` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/11-%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/11-%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water/Solution.py)  |
|  0013  |  [Roman to Integer](./Solutions/13-%20Roman%20to%20Integer/README.md)  |  `Hash Table`,`Math`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/13-%20Roman%20to%20Integer/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/13-%20Roman%20to%20Integer/Solution.py)  |
|  0014  |  [Longest Common Prefix](./Solutions/14-%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/README.md)  | `Trie`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/14-%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/14-%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/Solution.py)  |
|  0019  | [Remove Nth Node From End of List](./Solutions/19-%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List/README.md)  | `Linked List`,`Two Pointers` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/19-%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/19-%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List/Solution.py)  |
|  0020  |  [Valid Parentheses](./Solutions/20-%20Valid%20Parentheses/README.md)  | `Stack`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/20-%20Valid%20Parentheses/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/20-%20Valid%20Parentheses/Solution.py)  |
|  0021  |  [Merge Two Sorted Lists](./Solutions/21-%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/README.md)  | `Recursion`,`Linked List` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/21-%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/21-%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/Solution.py)  |
|  0024  | [Swap Nodes in Pairs](./Solutions/24-%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs/README.md)  | `Recursion`,`Linked List` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/24-%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/24-%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs/Solution.py)  |
|  0026  | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](./Solutions/26-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/README.md)  | `Array`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/26-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/26-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.py)  |
|  0027  | [Remove Element](./Solutions/27-%20Remove%20Element/README.md)  | `Array`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/27-%20Remove%20Element/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/27-%20Remove%20Element/Solution.py)  |
|  0033  | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./Solutions/33-%20Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array/README.md)  | `Array`,`Binary Search` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/33-%20Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/33-%20Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.py)  |
|  0035  | [Search Insert Position](./Solutions/35-%20Search%20Insert%20Position/README.md)  | `Array`,`Binary Search` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/35-%20Search%20Insert%20Position/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/35-%20Search%20Insert%20Position/Solution.py)  |
|  0049  | [Group Anagrams](./Solutions/49-%20Group%20Anagrams/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`,`Sorting` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/49-%20Group%20Anagrams/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/49-%20Group%20Anagrams/Solution.py)  |
|  0053  |  [Maximum Subarray](./Solutions/53-%20Maximum%20Subarray/README.md)  | `Array`,`Divide and Conquer`,`Dynamic Programming` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/53-%20Maximum%20Subarray/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/53-%20Maximum%20Subarray/Solution.py)  |
| 0066   | [Plus One](./Solutions/66-%20Plus%20One/README.md)  | `Array`,`Math` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/66-%20Plus%20One/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/66-%20Plus%20One/Solution.py)  |
|  0083  | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](./Solutions/83-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/README.md)  | `Linked List` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/83-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/83-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/Solution.py)  |
|  0094  | [Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](./Solutions/94-%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`Stack`,`Tree`,`Depth-first Search` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/94-%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/94-%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal/Solution.py)  |
|  0100  | [Same Tree](./Solutions/100-%20Same%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/100-%20Same%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/100-%20Same%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0101  | [Symmetric Tree](./Solutions/101-%20Symmetric%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Breadth-first Search` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/101-%20Symmetric%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/101-%20Symmetric%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0104  | [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](./Solutions/104-%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/104-%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/104-%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0121  | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./Solutions/121-%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock/README.md)  | `Array`,`Dynamic Programming` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/121-%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/121-%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock/Solution.py)  |
|  0125  |  [Valid Palindrome](./Solutions/125-%20Valid%20Palindrome/README.md)  | `Two Pointers`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/125-%20Valid%20Palindrome/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/125-%20Valid%20Palindrome/Solution.py)  |
|  0141  | [Linked List Cycle](./Solutions/141-%20Linked%20List%20Cycle/README.md)  | `Linked List`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/141-%20Linked%20List%20Cycle/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/141-%20Linked%20List%20Cycle/Solution.py)  |
|  0152  | [Maximum Product Subarray](./Solutions/152-%20Maximum%20Product%20Subarray/README.md)  | `Array`,`Dynamic Programming` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/152-%20Maximum%20Product%20Subarray/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/152-%20Maximum%20Product%20Subarray/Solution.py)  |
|  0155  | [Min Stack](./Solutions/155-%20Min%20Stack/README.md)  | `Stack`,`Design` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/155-%20Min%20Stack/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/155-%20Min%20Stack/Solution.py)  |
|  0160  | [Intersection of Two Linked Lists](./Solutions/160-%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists/README.md)  | `Hash Table`, `Linked List`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/160-%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/160-%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists/Solution.py)  |
|  0203  | [Remove Linked List Elements](./Solutions/203-%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements/README.md)  | `Linked List`, `Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/203-%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/203-%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements/Solution.py)  |
|  0206  | [Reverse Linked List](./Solutions/206-%20Reverse%20Linked%20List/README.md)  | `Linked List`, `Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/206-%20Reverse%20Linked%20List/Solution1.java)  [Link](./Solutions/206-%20Reverse%20Linked%20List/Solution2.java)|  |
|  0217  | [Contains Duplicate](./Solutions/217-%20Contains%20Duplicate/README.md)  | `Array`,`Hash Table`, `Sorting` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/217-%20Contains%20Duplicate/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/217-%20Contains%20Duplicate/Solution.py)  |
|  0225  | [Implement Stack using Queues](./Solutions/225-%20Implement%20Stack%20using%20Queues/README.md)  | `Stack`,`Design` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/225-%20Implement%20Stack%20using%20Queues/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/225-%20Implement%20Stack%20using%20Queues/Solution.py)  |
|  0226  | [Invert Binary Tree](./Solutions/226-%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Breadth-first Search`,`Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/226-%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/226-%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0232  | [Implement Queue using Stacks](./Solutions/232-%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks/README.md)  | `Stack`,`Design`, `Queue` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/232-%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/232-%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks/Solution.py)  |
|  0235  | [Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](./Solutions/235-%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Recursion`, `Binary Search Tree` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/235-%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/235-%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0238  |  [Product of Array Except Self](./Solutions/238-%20Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self/README.md)  | `Array`, `Prefix Sum` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/238-%20Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/238-%20Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self/Solution.py)  |
|  0242  |  [Valid Anagram](./Solutions/242-%20Valid%20Anagram/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`,`Sorting` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/242-%20Valid%20Anagram/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/242-%20Valid%20Anagram/Solution.py)  |
|  0380  | [Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)](./Solutions/380-%20Insert%20Delete%20GetRandom%20O%281%29/README.md)  | `Design`,`Array`,`Hash Table`,`Math`,`Randomized` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/380-%20Insert%20Delete%20GetRandom%20O%281%29/Solution1.java) [Link](./Solutions/380-%20Insert%20Delete%20GetRandom%20O%281%29/Solution2.java) |  |
|  0383  | [Ransom Note](./Solutions/383-%20Ransom%20Note/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`, `counting` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/383-%20Ransom%20Note/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/383-%20Ransom%20Note/Solution.py)  |
|  0424  | [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](./Solutions/424-%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`,`Sliding Window` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/424-%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/424-%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement/Solution.py)  |
|  0643  | [Maximum Average Subarray I](./Solutions/643-%20Maximum%20Average%20Subarray%20I/README.md)  |  `Array`,`Sliding Window` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/643-%20Maximum%20Average%20Subarray%20I/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/643-%20Maximum%20Average%20Subarray%20I/Solution.py)  |
|  0704  | [Binary Search](./Solutions/704-%20Binary%20Search/README.md)  | `Array`,`Binary Search` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/704-%20Binary%20Search/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/704-%20Binary%20Search/Solution.py)  |

Commit message:

Kth Largest Element in an Array

README.md, after:

# Leetcode Solutions
One of my hobbies is solving algorithm problems, especially those on [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/all/). Not only it is fun to solve a puzzle but also it helps me to improve my fundamental knowledge and programming skills. So I decided to create this repository to record my solutions. I will try to solve the problems using two programming languages:
- Python
- Java

**_NOTE:_** I'll try to solve one problem a day and update the repo, but no promises. After all, life is unpredictable and not everything is about programming! Also I'm not going to solve them respectively, but I keep the problem index as it is in Leetcode.

These solutions are definitely not flawless so, I'd be grateful if you could see any problems in my solutions and point them out.  
Also if you are looking for the best solutions there are many repositories out there that you can use, like [This One](https://github.com/doocs/leetcode)

# Solutions

|  #  |  Solution   | Tags |  Difficulty | Java | Python |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  0001  |  [Two Sum](./Solutions/1-%20Two%20Sum/README.md)  | `Array`,`Hash Table` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/1-%20Two%20Sum/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/1-%20Two%20Sum/Solution.py)  |
|  0002  |  [Add Two Numbers](./Solutions/2-%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/README.md)  | `Recursion`,`Linked List`,`Math` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/2-%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/2-%20Add%20Two%20Numbers/Solution.py)  |
|  0003  |  [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](./Solutions/3-%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters/README.md)  | `Array`,`Hash Table`,`String`,`Sliding Window` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/3-%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/3-%20Longest%20Substring%20Without%20Repeating%20Characters/Solution.py)  |
|  0007  |  [Reverse Integer](./Solutions/7-%20Reverse%20Integer/README.md)  | `Math` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/7-%20Reverse%20Integer/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/7-%20Reverse%20Integer/Solution.py)  |
|  0009  |  [Palindrome Number](./Solutions/9-%20Palindrome%20Number/README.md)  | `Math` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/9-%20Palindrome%20Number/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/9-%20Palindrome%20Number/Solution.py)  |
|  0011  |  [Container With Most Water](./Solutions/11-%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water/README.md)  | `Greedy`,`Array`,`Two Pointers` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/11-%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/11-%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water/Solution.py)  |
|  0013  |  [Roman to Integer](./Solutions/13-%20Roman%20to%20Integer/README.md)  |  `Hash Table`,`Math`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/13-%20Roman%20to%20Integer/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/13-%20Roman%20to%20Integer/Solution.py)  |
|  0014  |  [Longest Common Prefix](./Solutions/14-%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/README.md)  | `Trie`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/14-%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/14-%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix/Solution.py)  |
|  0019  | [Remove Nth Node From End of List](./Solutions/19-%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List/README.md)  | `Linked List`,`Two Pointers` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/19-%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/19-%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List/Solution.py)  |
|  0020  |  [Valid Parentheses](./Solutions/20-%20Valid%20Parentheses/README.md)  | `Stack`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/20-%20Valid%20Parentheses/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/20-%20Valid%20Parentheses/Solution.py)  |
|  0021  |  [Merge Two Sorted Lists](./Solutions/21-%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/README.md)  | `Recursion`,`Linked List` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/21-%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/21-%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists/Solution.py)  |
|  0024  | [Swap Nodes in Pairs](./Solutions/24-%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs/README.md)  | `Recursion`,`Linked List` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/24-%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/24-%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs/Solution.py)  |
|  0026  | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](./Solutions/26-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/README.md)  | `Array`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/26-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/26-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.py)  |
|  0027  | [Remove Element](./Solutions/27-%20Remove%20Element/README.md)  | `Array`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/27-%20Remove%20Element/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/27-%20Remove%20Element/Solution.py)  |
|  0033  | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./Solutions/33-%20Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array/README.md)  | `Array`,`Binary Search` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/33-%20Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/33-%20Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array/Solution.py)  |
|  0035  | [Search Insert Position](./Solutions/35-%20Search%20Insert%20Position/README.md)  | `Array`,`Binary Search` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/35-%20Search%20Insert%20Position/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/35-%20Search%20Insert%20Position/Solution.py)  |
|  0049  | [Group Anagrams](./Solutions/49-%20Group%20Anagrams/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`,`Sorting` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/49-%20Group%20Anagrams/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/49-%20Group%20Anagrams/Solution.py)  |
|  0053  |  [Maximum Subarray](./Solutions/53-%20Maximum%20Subarray/README.md)  | `Array`,`Divide and Conquer`,`Dynamic Programming` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/53-%20Maximum%20Subarray/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/53-%20Maximum%20Subarray/Solution.py)  |
| 0066   | [Plus One](./Solutions/66-%20Plus%20One/README.md)  | `Array`,`Math` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/66-%20Plus%20One/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/66-%20Plus%20One/Solution.py)  |
|  0083  | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](./Solutions/83-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/README.md)  | `Linked List` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/83-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/83-%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List/Solution.py)  |
|  0094  | [Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](./Solutions/94-%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`Stack`,`Tree`,`Depth-first Search` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/94-%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/94-%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal/Solution.py)  |
|  0100  | [Same Tree](./Solutions/100-%20Same%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/100-%20Same%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/100-%20Same%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0101  | [Symmetric Tree](./Solutions/101-%20Symmetric%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Breadth-first Search` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/101-%20Symmetric%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/101-%20Symmetric%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0104  | [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](./Solutions/104-%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/104-%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/104-%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0121  | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./Solutions/121-%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock/README.md)  | `Array`,`Dynamic Programming` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/121-%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/121-%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock/Solution.py)  |
|  0125  |  [Valid Palindrome](./Solutions/125-%20Valid%20Palindrome/README.md)  | `Two Pointers`,`String` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/125-%20Valid%20Palindrome/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/125-%20Valid%20Palindrome/Solution.py)  |
|  0141  | [Linked List Cycle](./Solutions/141-%20Linked%20List%20Cycle/README.md)  | `Linked List`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/141-%20Linked%20List%20Cycle/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/141-%20Linked%20List%20Cycle/Solution.py)  |
|  0152  | [Maximum Product Subarray](./Solutions/152-%20Maximum%20Product%20Subarray/README.md)  | `Array`,`Dynamic Programming` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/152-%20Maximum%20Product%20Subarray/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/152-%20Maximum%20Product%20Subarray/Solution.py)  |
|  0155  | [Min Stack](./Solutions/155-%20Min%20Stack/README.md)  | `Stack`,`Design` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/155-%20Min%20Stack/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/155-%20Min%20Stack/Solution.py)  |
|  0160  | [Intersection of Two Linked Lists](./Solutions/160-%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists/README.md)  | `Hash Table`, `Linked List`,`Two Pointers` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/160-%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/160-%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists/Solution.py)  |
|  0203  | [Remove Linked List Elements](./Solutions/203-%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements/README.md)  | `Linked List`, `Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/203-%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/203-%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements/Solution.py)  |
|  0206  | [Reverse Linked List](./Solutions/206-%20Reverse%20Linked%20List/README.md)  | `Linked List`, `Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/206-%20Reverse%20Linked%20List/Solution1.java)  [Link](./Solutions/206-%20Reverse%20Linked%20List/Solution2.java)|  |
|  0215  | [Kth Largest Element in an Array](./Solutions/215-%20Kth%20Largest%20Element%20in%20an%20Array/README.md)  | `Divide and Conquer`,`Heap (Prority Queue)`,`Sorting` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/215-%20Kth%20Largest%20Element%20in%20an%20Array/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/215-%20Kth%20Largest%20Element%20in%20an%20Array/Solution.py)  |
|  0217  | [Contains Duplicate](./Solutions/217-%20Contains%20Duplicate/README.md)  | `Array`,`Hash Table`, `Sorting` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/217-%20Contains%20Duplicate/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/217-%20Contains%20Duplicate/Solution.py)  |
|  0225  | [Implement Stack using Queues](./Solutions/225-%20Implement%20Stack%20using%20Queues/README.md)  | `Stack`,`Design` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/225-%20Implement%20Stack%20using%20Queues/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/225-%20Implement%20Stack%20using%20Queues/Solution.py)  |
|  0226  | [Invert Binary Tree](./Solutions/226-%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Breadth-first Search`,`Recursion` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/226-%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/226-%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0232  | [Implement Queue using Stacks](./Solutions/232-%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks/README.md)  | `Stack`,`Design`, `Queue` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/232-%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/232-%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks/Solution.py)  |
|  0235  | [Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](./Solutions/235-%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree/README.md)  | `Tree`,`Depth-first Search`,`Recursion`, `Binary Search Tree` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/235-%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/235-%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree/Solution.py)  |
|  0238  |  [Product of Array Except Self](./Solutions/238-%20Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self/README.md)  | `Array`, `Prefix Sum` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/238-%20Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/238-%20Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self/Solution.py)  |
|  0242  |  [Valid Anagram](./Solutions/242-%20Valid%20Anagram/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`,`Sorting` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/242-%20Valid%20Anagram/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/242-%20Valid%20Anagram/Solution.py)  |
|  0380  | [Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)](./Solutions/380-%20Insert%20Delete%20GetRandom%20O%281%29/README.md)  | `Design`,`Array`,`Hash Table`,`Math`,`Randomized` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/380-%20Insert%20Delete%20GetRandom%20O%281%29/Solution1.java) [Link](./Solutions/380-%20Insert%20Delete%20GetRandom%20O%281%29/Solution2.java) |  |
|  0383  | [Ransom Note](./Solutions/383-%20Ransom%20Note/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`, `counting` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/383-%20Ransom%20Note/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/383-%20Ransom%20Note/Solution.py)  |
|  0424  | [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](./Solutions/424-%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement/README.md)  | `Hash Table`,`String`,`Sliding Window` | Medium | [Link](./Solutions/424-%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/424-%20Longest%20Repeating%20Character%20Replacement/Solution.py)  |
|  0643  | [Maximum Average Subarray I](./Solutions/643-%20Maximum%20Average%20Subarray%20I/README.md)  |  `Array`,`Sliding Window` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/643-%20Maximum%20Average%20Subarray%20I/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/643-%20Maximum%20Average%20Subarray%20I/Solution.py)  |
|  0704  | [Binary Search](./Solutions/704-%20Binary%20Search/README.md)  | `Array`,`Binary Search` | Easy | [Link](./Solutions/704-%20Binary%20Search/Solution.java)  |[Link](./Solutions/704-%20Binary%20Search/Solution.py)  |
